README.md, before:

# OPCUA-Player
A Java based OPC UA player that supports replaying OPC UA data from file.
Nice tool to test OPC UA clients, OPC UA data recorders, OPC UA capable IoT platforms, distributed control systems (DCS) and the like. It was 

version 0.5.1

usage: java -classpath %classpath OPCUAPlayerServer -datafile 'filename1' -configfile 'filename2'
  replace filename1 and filename2 with references to your files without the 'quotes' around them
  both data files are CSV based and examples can be found under resources/sample data sets

description:
- plays a data file with timestamped measurements (or whatever data points there are in the file) 
- give it an input data file with chronologically ordered timestamped measurements and 
  it will stream these measurements through OPC UA to subcribed OPC UA clients with 
  true delay time between the samples: e.g. if subsequent timestamps in the data file are 2018-08-06 12:01:670 
  and 2018-08-06 12:01:980 then these are streamed 310 milliseconds after each other
- it also exposes an remote control method in the OPC UA server name space, this allows to start, 
  stop, pause,... this OPC UA player by a connected OPC UA client
- the configuration of assets and their measurement points is read from a configuration file 
  containing assets, sensor-identifiers and sensor names
- the semicolon separated input data file contains rows with asset-identifier, 
  sensor-identifier, timestamp and values (the header row is skipped)
- both data file and configuration file are set by command line parameters
- when player jar is executed it exposes the its namespace but does not start playing 
  yet: it waits for a remote play command
- after staring the player with the remote control the data is read and played back at the 
  actual speed of occurrences of the contained timestamps (actual duration between samples)
- the historical timestamps are transposed to the current time based on the time 
  difference between the first timestamp read and the current time (now!)
- this implementation is based on OPC UA server Milo version 0.2.1, Milo is an 
  Open source OPC UA implementation from Eclipse Foundation
    - the SDK is at the right level, so that the player back end code remains 
      relatively free from OPC UA complexities
- some minor features:
    - adding 1 millisecond to a measurement read from the data file if two subsequently 
      read measurements have identical timestamps
    - runstate variable is exposed as UA variable node
    - loop endlessly over the input data file
    - start with null values for all defined variable nodes and after a loop from 
      the end of data file to the begin when in 'endless loop'-mode

Commit message:

example configuration file and data set
added reference to the newly uploaded example data set and configuration file

README.md, after:

# OPCUA-Player
A Java based OPC UA player that supports replaying OPC UA data from file.
Nice tool to test OPC UA clients, OPC UA data recorders, OPC UA capable IoT platforms, distributed control systems (DCS) and the like. It was 

version 0.5.1

usage: java -classpath %classpath OPCUAPlayerServer -datafile 'filename1' -configfile 'filename2'
  replace filename1 and filename2 with references to your files without the 'quotes' around them
  both data files are CSV based and an example configuration file and data set can be found under resources

description:
- plays a data file with timestamped measurements (or whatever data points there are in the file) 
- give it an input data file with chronologically ordered timestamped measurements and 
  it will stream these measurements through OPC UA to subcribed OPC UA clients with 
  true delay time between the samples: e.g. if subsequent timestamps in the data file are 2018-08-06 12:01:670 
  and 2018-08-06 12:01:980 then these are streamed 310 milliseconds after each other
- it also exposes an remote control method in the OPC UA server name space, this allows to start, 
  stop, pause,... this OPC UA player by a connected OPC UA client
- the configuration of assets and their measurement points is read from a configuration file 
  containing assets, sensor-identifiers and sensor names
- the semicolon separated input data file contains rows with asset-identifier, 
  sensor-identifier, timestamp and values (the header row is skipped)
- both data file and configuration file are set by command line parameters
- when player jar is executed it exposes the its namespace but does not start playing 
  yet: it waits for a remote play command
- after staring the player with the remote control the data is read and played back at the 
  actual speed of occurrences of the contained timestamps (actual duration between samples)
- the historical timestamps are transposed to the current time based on the time 
  difference between the first timestamp read and the current time (now!)
- this implementation is based on OPC UA server Milo version 0.2.1, Milo is an 
  Open source OPC UA implementation from Eclipse Foundation
    - the SDK is at the right level, so that the player back end code remains 
      relatively free from OPC UA complexities
- some minor features:
    - adding 1 millisecond to a measurement read from the data file if two subsequently 
      read measurements have identical timestamps
    - runstate variable is exposed as UA variable node
    - loop endlessly over the input data file
    - start with null values for all defined variable nodes and after a loop from 
      the end of data file to the begin when in 'endless loop'-mode
